So we're gonna do thumbs in a second and
really hold yourself accountable.
There's [INAUDIBLE] fantastic
clarifications to be asked about hold
on how is this even,
working what's going on here.Griffin will
you kick us off with your clarification.
>> Does this stay via like through
page reloads.
Through page reloads.
If you are totally refreshing your page,
I mean,
you will restart your JavaScript
loading from scratch.
Now, if you are, you know, typically
doing that a lot of the time nowadays,
if you are doing what you more typically
doing, which is like, You know,
collecting more tweets.
>> Changing the state of [CROSSTALK]
>> The state of the page, absolutely.
But if you're refreshing your JavaScript
file is reloading from scratch.
You're starting at the top all over again.
Good question, I've never had
that question before, it's nice.
>> Is there a way to,
how can I locate that data
if I wanted to save it for
a page reload that I could load back in?
>> Yeah.
Where is this data?
Can I just do
myFunction.counter do we think?
Uh-uh, this is not sitting as
a property or minute function.
This is no.
Actually, let's now add
where this data is stored.
I don't know where it's stored,
but how the bond gets made.
I said that when increment
counter is to find
inside of the outer Execution context.
When we're running outer, when we
run outer we create a counter zero.
Increment count as a function and
then we return this increment count
function out to my new function.
And we call my new function and so on.
When we define increment count,
we just said we make a bond between
the increment counter function.
Make a bond between it And
it's surrounding life data.
Where is that bond?
What is that bond?
Or if you look in the JavaScript specs
it's defined we don't get to see it.
We can not do that increment
counter.backpack or
whatever it is not in that book.
It makes the bond using this
special property called,
does anyone know?
>> It's not that,
it's this guy here,
square bracket, square bracket,
scope, square bracket, square bracket.
The function gets a hidden
property Behind the scenes of it.
So if I were to console
log incrementCounter,
this is a function definition.
There's no dot, square bracket,
square bracket, scope, square bracket,
square bracket.
It's just a definition.
Behind the scenes it has a special bond.
Square bracket, square bracket, square
bracket, square bracket, square bracket.
Yeah, that thing I just said.
Square bracket, square bracket.
So, scope-square bracket-square bracket is
a hidden bond of the back of the function
definition where we make a bond to
the surrounding store of live data.
Now, that is only accessible.
How can I access that live store of data?
By call answers it by doing my new
function .scope.counter Is not
available there.
It's only available from where, Aman?
Where is it available from?
>> That was gonna be my
question.
>> It's only available from the call to
this function.
I want to access this data, I've got to
call my new function inside of which,
if I make reference to something
that's not available in local,
I get access To the back pack,
to the square bracket, square bracket,
square bracket, square bracket, JavaScript
has something, what we’ll see in a second,
but for now, this pond her is made
behind the scenes, the state to it
is only accessible when I call
the function, I have to write my function
In this case we've got a increment counter
in a really smart way such that it can be,
has all the functionality that I ever
want to interact with the backpack.
So I might write for
example increment counter takes in
a parameter which when I call it.
Refers to something that
is not in local but
refers to the backpack value of counter
and updates the backpack value of counter.
If I wanna get my backpack data out,
I'm gonna make sure that I return counter.
Well counter isn't in local,
it's out here, so
I'm gonna get that backpack value
out the bottom of the function.
That's how I get access to it.
But this bundled up
data here is protected.
I can only get access to it
from inside my function call
when I call the function that
has The backpack bond to it.
All right, so that's one.
Still there's more
clarifications which can draw
out more of the subtleties of this.
Katie?
>> That was part of my clarification.
I was trying to understand if
when you call, my new function
If it's really just referencing
that?>> When we return
out the icnrement counter funtion
with it's little backpack of data.
That backpack is defintely not a copy.
It's the original data
that was created in here.
But instead of normally when we finish
running what happens to all this data?
Somebody said it.
Andrea, when we finish running what
happens with all this all data?
>> It's garbage.
>> Garbage.
JavaScript goes, hold on.
Hold on.
The function that got returned out.
If it gets called, shit,
it's gonna make reference to something
that was still defined in here.
I better not let garbage collect that.
I better leave that in the back half.
And that brings me to a real subtlety,
JavaScript's engines try and
optimize this.
Suppose we defined 100 different
variables inside of here,
each with different numbers or whatever.
I mean only ever refer to counter,
do we want all that data
kept around in a backpack?
No, so JavaScript will actually,
the bond is when the function's
defined is made to the entire
surrounding variable environment.
It's surrounding live data.
But when that function gets passed out,
JavaScript does it's usual garbage
collection like hold on everything,
we've got some references to data.
If I run my new function, if I run this.
Increment counter function under
it's new label myNewFunction.
Inside of it,
it references counter, ah-ah,
we better make sure we hold on to the data
in the backpack that could be referenced.
But there's 99 variables here like,
I don't know, counter 1, counter 2,
counter 3 that are never used.
Remove those from memory.
You don't need those.
So Java is actually only going to hold
to the increment counter function here.
That ain't used inside my new function.
So increment counter will not
be stored in the backpack.
It takes only the data, takes the whole
backpack, the whole surrounding
variable enviroment but only persists
Only holds onto the stuff that could ever
be referred from inside the returned out
function, cuz we can only access its
backpack data from where?
>> From the function itself.
>> From the calls of the function.
So if we didn't write this function,
we defined this function inside of here.
So we didn't write it to
refer to anything else,
no one's gonna access that live data But
look at this.
Our function that got returned out,
my new function that's called
increment counter inside.
We returned it out.
We did not just get a function out.
Now do we see why it's so powerful to
design a function inside another function.
We didn't just get a function out.
We got a function plus
a backpack of live data.
And now I think it's time to reveal
what people actually call the backpack,
because obviously you
can't say that forever.
People actually call it, colloquially,
I hate the colloquial term for it.
People call it, they say,
this is the closure, or this is a closure.
I hate that, some people call the whole
concept closure and they're not sure,
they don't mean the backpacks.
But people would typically colloquially
say my new functions closure.
This is the closure.
I love this term.
I think it's super precise.
I like to call it the closed
over variable environment.
The closed over variable environment.
C-O-V-E.
The cove,
I'm going to make that one big as well.
The COVE.
This guy here is the code.
You can also call it this.
When a function is defined,
increment counter is defined
inside of the called outer.
It gets a square bracket,
square bracket, scope, square bracket,
square bracket, hidden property
The reference is its local memory or
variable environment, the same thing,
where it has been defined.
So when I then return out that function,
as we do when we call we return our
incrementCounter and store it where?
Lindsay, when I call it when I run and
create incrementCounter inside of it,
where do I then store
the incrementCounter function?
In my new function.
>> Excellent, my new function.
Wherever I call that functionality,
wherever I run invoke execute that
functionality, increment counter function,
it will always look first in
its immediate local memory.
Fine, we know that.
But then, before it looks in the next
execution context out It will look
in its scope, its square bracket,
square bracket scope,
square bracket, square bracket property,
in its backpack.
Or we could [SOUND] call it,
in its lexical scope.
Because this bond here, to the surrounding
live data, is known as Lexical scope.
It's the I am determined,
my functionality when it gets calls,
values that are available, variables that
are available to it are determined from
where I was defined,
not from where I was called.
I'm being called in global, but
that's not telling me what
data's gonna be available to me.
What's telling me what data's gonna be
available to me is where I was defined And
there, JavaScript static or
lexical scoping.
This is what it means when we
say JavaScript is lexically or
statically scoped.
That means, lexical means the position
of my function definition,
not where it gets invoked,
is ultimately what determines what data I
will have available to me when
my function does get invoked.
So we might think where I run
the functionality, it was born in here,
out here, and it references counter.
If I'm local, my next function's
being run in global, we're in global.
But we don't look at global
first because our lexical scope,
the available live data when
our function was defined,
the available live data around me
is what determines our available
variable Variables and
the prioritization at function execution.
Not where our function was called.
My new function was called here,
but because it was defined
long ago inside the called author,
it never lost its lexical scope reference.
So that when I call the function, I always
go look in the local first recalls.
But I always go look in my let's go scope
reference, my let's go scope reference.
Backpack before I ever
look another layer out.
I always look in my backpack first,
my lexical scope reference first,
or I call my new function
with my [INAUDIBLE] first.
My close over variable
environment got closed over and
pulled out of the variable environment.
Or the colloquial term that I don't love,
my closure.
And the colloquial term that I do love,
my backpack.
There's a lot of terms for it but
I guess the most precise is
my lexical scope reference.
That's the guy that refers to The little
bond that refers to the surrounding data.
Closed over, variable environment,
closure, the function comes out.
And it's still got it's back
pack on until yeah, it's there.
It's attached to the function.
All right.